Software Developer 
 
At Interac, we design and deliver products and solutions that give Canadians control over their money so they 
can get more out of life. But that’s not all. Whether we’re leading real-time money movement, driving innovative 
commerce solutions like open payments for transit systems, or making advancements in new areas like 
verification and open banking, we are playing a key role in shaping the future of the digital economy in Canada. 
 
Want to make a lasting impact amongst a community of creative thinkers, problem solvers, technical gurus and 
high-performance application developers? We want to hear from you. 
 
The Software Developer—reporting to the Leader, Development - e-Transfer—will be responsible for developing 
and maintaining the company’s highly distributed, high-performance payment system. They will use their 
passion for building new products to translate the client’s business requirements and design and develop Java 
applications on a complex platform. With their experience in database model design for high performance 
systems, they will perform analysis, design, implement, and conduct performance testing and tuning.  
You’ll be responsible for:   
Developing and maintaining resilient microservices applications including analysis, design, 
development, and implementation. 
Participating in system and application architecture & creating system design and application 
maintenance documents. 
Writing clean, maintainable, testable, and efficient code, adhering to our code standards and best 
practices. 
Collaborating on larger architectural visions and gravitating towards simplicity. 
Running API & Microservices technologies and containers (Spring Boot, Istio, Envoy, Docker, 
Kubernetes). 
Database design and development using relational databases such as Oracle. 
You bring:   
A University degree in Computer Science or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 
5+ years software development experience; preferably with experience in developing payment 
systems. 
Eligibility to work for Interac Corp. in Canada in a full-time capacity.  
Proficiency in multiple programming languages with a strong background in Java.  
Expertise in designing and developing RESTful APIs and a good understanding of various web 
protocols. 
Strong knowledge of Java frameworks (Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Camel, Netty), Maven, SQL, 
Bamboo, JavaScript (Node, Knockout, JQuery), Caching (Hazelcast, Memcached). 
A strong understanding implementing high-performance, service-oriented architectures. 
A strong understanding of relational databases, data modeling, with extensive experience using 
either Oracle or PostgreSQL. 
An ability to assist with the design and implementation of enterprise level frameworks, broad-based 
functional and technical software solutions. 
A solid understanding of design patterns, data structures, algorithms, and software engineering 
principles. 
Experience with microservice architectures and containerization.  
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Interac requires employees to complete a background check that is completed by one of our service providers. 
We use this service to complete the following checks:
5-year employment verification;
Canadian criminal record check;
Education verification;
Canadian ID cross-check;
Public safety verification; and
Credit inquiry
How we work
We know that exceptional people have great ideas and are passionate about their work.  Our culture encourages 
excellence and actively rewards contributions with:
Connection: You’re surrounded by talented people every day who are driven by their passion of a common goal.
Core Values:  They define us. Living them helps us be the best at what we do.
Compensation & Benefits: Pay is driven by individual and corporate performance and we provide a multitude of 
benefits and perks.
Education: To ensure you are the best at what you do we invest in you
Apply
Software Developer
About Interac
Interac is one of Canada’s original 
FinTechs. We launched Interac e-
Transfer years before other countries 
offered similar services and continue to 
innovate to improve the lives of 
Canadians. Every day, we enable Read More
Interac Corp. Careers
Sign In
Home Search for Jobs
