Job Description
Current work authorization for Canada is required for all openings
Who We Are
At Fidelity, we’ve been helping Canadian investors build better financial futures for over 35 years.  We offer 
individuals and institutions a range of trusted investment portfolios and services - and we’re constantly seeking 
to find new and better ways to help our clients.  As a privately owned company, we boldly embrace innovation in 
all areas as we continue to grow our business into the future.
Working with us means you’ll be part of a diverse and dedicated group of people who make a real difference for 
our clients and communities every day. You’ll have a wide range of opportunities to grow and develop your 
career in an inclusive environment where you’ll feel valued and supported to be your best - both personally and 
expertly.
Business Overview
The CRM support group is part of IS division and provides support for Customer Relationship Management and 
Marketing applications for Fidelity Investments Canada.
Reporting to the CRM Support Team Manager, the software developer is responsible for development and 
support of Customer Relationship Management and Events Management technical solutions for Fidelity Canada. 
This includes support of existing CRM and Marketing tools, evaluation and development of new solutions based 
on specific business requirements and rotating on-call support for SalesForce.com and Marketo applications. 
The candidate will play a pivotal role in connecting disparate systems to the Salesforce platform, with a core 
focus on backend solutions including Apex and APIs. While the emphasis is on Salesforce and system 
integrations, any experience with Marketo, especially concerning smart campaigns, webhooks, and 
administration, will be considered a strong plus.
Key Accountabilities
Architect, develop, and maintain system integrations with Salesforce using a variety of APIs
Write and optimize backend code, primarily in Apex, to extend Salesforce functionalities
Develop and configure event management tool (Marketo)
Collaborate with stakeholders to ensure integration solutions are scalable and meet business 
requirements
Provide technical support for integrated systems, troubleshooting issues and ensuring smooth data 
flow
Support Marketo-related initiatives, especially concerning smart campaigns, webhooks, and 
administration
Complete required unit-testing, and cooperate with other IS and business teams to ensure timely, 
efficient, and errors-free implementation
Participate in planning and execution of CRM and Events Management tools upgrades and 
migrations
Proactively promote enhancements to departmental processes, technical and business solutions
Skills, Knowledge and Experience
2+ years of experience with Salesforce platform, emphasizing backend solutions (Apex and APIs) as well as 
system integration
Familiarity with data governance and security best practices.
Experience developing in Java, experience with Web Services Development
Solid experience with the full life cycle of software development
Strong leadership skills
Detail oriented, with strong analytical skills
Customer service oriented
Solid written and verbal communication skills; ability to effectively communicate technical concepts 
to business users
Self-starter with strong teamwork culture
General understanding of the financial services sector
Nice to Have
Hands-on experience with Marketo, especially concerning smart campaigns, webhooks, and 
administration
Experience with Salesforce Service Cloud development
Experience with Salesforce Financial Cloud development
Development experience with REST Web Services
Development experience in Mutual Funds industry
Education
University degree, preferably in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience
Salesforce Certification – Salesforce Certified Platform Developer I or II preferred
Fidelity Canada is an equal opportunity employer 
Fidelity Canada is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We will consider all qualified 
applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or 
expression, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, family status, protected veterans’ status, Aboriginal/Native 
American status or any other legally-protected ground. 
Accommodation during the application process
Fidelity Canada welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are 
available on request for candidates taking part in the selection process. If you require an accommodation, 
please email us at  FidelityCanadaStaffing@fidelity.ca .
No telephone inquiries or agencies please. We thank all applicants for their interest, please be advised that only 
those selected for an interview will be contacted.
Why Work at Fidelity?
We are proud to be recipients of the following:
Awards
Canada's Top Family-Friendly Employers 2023 (7th consecutive year)
Canada's Top 100 Employers 2023 (7th consecutive year)
Greater Toronto's Top Employers 2023 (10th consecutive year)
Canada's Top Employers for Young People 2023
Venngo Healthy Workplaces Award Workplace Benefits Awards – Health and Wellness Program
HRDC Best Places to Work 2023
HRDC 5-Star Diversity & Inclusion Employer
HRDC 5-Star Benefit Program 2023
Designations
A Canadian Compassionate Company
Great Place to Work (Dec 2022 - Nov 2023)
Best Workplaces for Women 2023 by Great Place to Work
Apply
Machine Learning DevOps
Analyst
Software Developer Software Developer
About Us
Fidelity Canada has become an 
employer of choice for talented people 
seeking rewarding career opportunities 
in the financial services industry. We 
look to hire outstanding individuals who 
want to maximize their potential and be Read More
English Sign In
Search for Jobs
