About Xanadu
Xanadu’s mission is to build quantum computers that are useful and available to people
everywhere.
At Xanadu, we are learners, innovators, researchers, collaborators and problem solvers. We are
creating something that has never been built before.  What we are doing is extremely hard, the
classic moon shot. Few people in their life will be able to be a part of something like this, where if
we are successful, the technologies we develop will solve some of the world’s most challenging
problems and literally change the world. And that is something to be excited about!
Your Role and Responsibilities
As a Software Developer, you will contribute to the platform and the infrastructure for our software
and hardware products. You will work on a team to support Hardware R&D, Hardware Operations,
Cloud Infrastructure, and Developer Enablement. The Tools Team’s primary goal is to help
accelerate the Hardware Team’s timelines to build the first commercially viable quantum computer.
As a result, you will completely reshape the nature of computation as we know it. You will:
Design, build, deploy, and maintain tooling, data management, and communication software
products, including their supporting infrastructure, that enable various parts of our hardware
development and operation processes.
Design APIs for consumption by internal and external services.
Work closely with Hardware Engineers to design and implement solutions to enable quantum
hardware operation.
Ensure high-quality production code by maintaining automated test coverage and a dynamic
code review process.
Perform DevOps tasks, such as maintaining our CI/CD pipeline using GitHub Actions.
At Xanadu, we primarily work with Python, Rust, C++, Postgres, Redis, Docker, CI pipelines, and
multiple cloud platforms. Proficiency in at least a subset of these technologies is essential.
Basic qualifications and experience
BSc in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Math, or a related field.
4+ years of software development experience.
Strong knowledge of modern development languages like Python, Rust, or Go.
Experience with any major cloud providers: AWS, GCP or Azure.
Product-minded approach to software development.
In-depth knowledge of different software development methods such as Test Driven
Development, Unit Testing, Agile, etc
Self-driven to deliver high-quality solutions to your stakeholders.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.
Preferred qualifications and experience
Experience with AWS.
Experience with Rust.
Experience with ETL pipelines.
Experience with multiple data storage technologies.
Experience with front-end web development, extra points for WebGL experience.
DevOps experience
Values
Our values are important. They are fundamental and lay the foundation for the culture at Xanadu.
At Xanadu, we are committed to building an inclusive, safe, and equitable culture and fostering an
environment where our employees feel included, valued, and heard. We are committed to meeting
the needs of all individuals and support a barrier-free workplace. Should you require
accommodations at any point during the recruitment process please contact Human Resources at
hr@xanadu.ai.
Apply for this position
REQUIRED *
Human Check *
reCAPTCHA
I'm not a robot
Privacy  -  Terms
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Address *
Phone *
Address
Address
City State/Province Postal
Resume *
Attach resume or Paste resume
Are you authorized to work in Canada?* (i.e. citizenship, permanent
resident or a valid work permit) *
-- No answer --
If you are working in Canada on the basis of a work permit, what is
the expiry date of your current work permit? (select date)
Have you been convicted of a criminal offense for which a pardon or
record suspension has not been granted?* *
-- No answer --
How did you hear about us? *
-- No answer --
SUBMIT APPLICATION
